But master
I must be working hard.
Over the years, I have studied martial arts and wealth
Cultivate into the god of war and the god of wealth
Finally, he was promoted to the Path of Heavenly Veneration
Valkyrie
Tianzun what
Very proud
After that, I worked very hard to study the way of Tianjun
Brother is struggling to get the point
The passage of time
In the end, he failed to become the way of Tianjun
Master, I don't drink tea
You know I only drink water
The water is right next to you
But there is already tea in the cup.
Too much tea
Naturally, it can't be loaded with water.
Water overflows
Can't you just dump it?
Master, I understand. Okay.
You got it first
Now I am no longer a Valkyrie
He is no longer the God of Wealth
No longer a god
But my original intention will not change
This is the perfect opportunity to be promoted to Tianjun
Okay, it's getting late.
It's okay to rest
You should go back to where you belong
Luo Zhan says goodbye to Master